Position Summary
CORE BUSINESS OPERATIONS

The Core Business Operations (CBO) portfolio is an integrated set of offerings that addresses our clients’ heart-of-the-business issues. This portfolio combines our functional and technical capabilities to help clients transform, modernize, and run their existing technology platforms across industries. As our clients navigate dynamic and disruptive markets, these solutions are designed to help them drive product and service innovation, improve financial performance, accelerate speed to market, and operate their platforms to innovate continuously.

ROLE

Level: Consultant           

As a Consultant at Deloitte Consulting, you will be responsible for individually delivering high quality work products within due timelines in an agile framework. Need-basis consultants will be mentoring and/or directing junior team members/liaising with onsite/offshore teams to understand the functional requirements.

You will also be responsible to analyze client’s modernization requirements, design and develop features, and follow Agile methodologies.



QUALIFICATIONS

Skills / Project Experience:

The work you will do includes:

4-6 years of hands-on experience in Legacy Modernization of applications
Experience in design and development of software using multiple languages like Java, Python, Java script frameworks etc.
Experience working on Spring Framework/Spring Boot concepts/ Microservices, GraphQL
Experience working with AWS Glue - Python, Big Data – Pyspark, Control-M – ETL Batch job implementation stack
Experience in cloud native development on cloud providers like AWS, GCP or Azure
Experience in tools like SONAR, Junit, Logging Framework, Monitoring looks like Splunk, AppDynamics etc.
Experience in accessing data from various sources like Aurora and Dynamo Database, S3 Data Store etc.
Exposure to legacy platforms like Mainframe and legacy Java applications
Experience in Legacy modernization tools or applications
Good interpersonal and communication skills
Flexibility to adapt, innovate and apply technical solutioning and learnings to use cases, across business domains and industries 
Knowledge and experience working with Microsoft Office tools


Good to Have:

Prior experience with Database administration & migration & modernization in AWS Cloud
Experience writing SQL/Functions/Procedures in transactional database systems such as Oracle, SQL Server, DB2
Understanding of additional skills like containerization, container management tools
Understanding of machine learning capabilities
Developer Certification in Programming languages, Cloud Platforms
Experience with Mainframe modernization techniques
Experience in full stack application development
Experience in mentoring junior practitioners
Education:  

B.E./B. Tech/M.C.A./M.Sc (CS) degree or equivalent from accredited university    

 



Prior Experience:  

3–6 years of experience working on large scale modernization engagements

Location:

Hyderabad/Bengaluru

The team  

Deloitte Consulting LLP’s Technology Consulting practice is dedicated to helping our clients build tomorrow by solving today’s complex business problems involving strategy, procurement, design, delivery, and assurance of technology solutions. Our service areas include analytics and information management, delivery, cyber risk services, and technical strategy and architecture, as well as the spectrum of digital strategy, design, and development services Core Business Operations Practice optimizes clients’ business operations and helps them take advantage of new technologies. Drives product and service innovation, improves financial performance, accelerates speed to market, and operates client platforms to innovate continuously. Learn more about our Technology Consulting practice on www.deloitte.com

For information on CBO visit - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1cGlScLuX0

For information on life of an Analyst at CBO visit- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMe0DkmMQHI

Recruiting tips

From developing a stand out resume to putting your best foot forward in the interview, we want you to feel prepared and confident as you explore opportunities at Deloitte. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte recruiters.
Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Our people and culture

Our diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture empowers our people to be who they are, contribute their unique perspectives, and make a difference individually and collectively. It enables us to leverage different ideas and perspectives, and bring more creativity and innovation to help solve our client most complex challenges. This makes Deloitte one of the most rewarding places to work. Learn more about our inclusive culture.
Our purpose

Deloitte’s purpose is to make an impact that matters for our clients, our people, and in our communities. We are creating trust and confidence in a more equitable society. At Deloitte, purpose is synonymous with how we work every day. It defines who we are. We are focusing our collective efforts to advance sustainability, equity, and trust that come to life through our core commitments. Learn more about Deloitte's purpose, commitments, and impact.
Professional development

From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to build new skills, take on leadership opportunities and connect and grow through mentorship. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.